The romance of sea travel has always attracted people to them. The whisper of waves and the smell of salty wind, a kaleidoscope of distant countries overboard and the home comfort of a cruise ship. On a cruise, your vacation is fully planned and at the same time absolutely free. The calmness and regularity of the lapping waves coexist with the noisy fun of discos and luxurious nightlife on the ship. Theaters, salons and casinos, incendiary Broadway shows and ultra-modern cinemas are ideal for leisure activities. A ship is a floating hotel. Comfortable cabins are always superior to hotels of the same class. Cleanliness and" sea order " create comfort and service unique to cruises. Many restaurants with excellent and varied cuisine, excellent service and the highest service meet the requirements of the most refined gourmets. Bars and cocktail Lounges throughout the ship delight with an abundance of drinks and wines. Shaping and Aqua aerobics classes improve your health. Swimming pools and sun decks, gyms with modern fitness equipment, saunas and Jacuzzis allow you to maintain your tone. Beauty salons, SPA, thalassotherapy performed by experienced specialists make women irresistible. Enchanting show programs, musicals and live music create an atmosphere of fun and goodwill during sea crossings Romance and adventure when the word Cruise in the soul there is such a delight that you want to hug everyone! This is the fulfillment of a dream and it seems — in the world, as before, there are countries Where no human foot has set foot Where giants live in Sunny groves and pearls Shine in clear water I love water and cruises and these are new countries and cities(I have only 23 of them on my account so far)but I hope there will be even more CRUISE to describe the beauty of it does not make sense... You should just go on a Mediterranean cruise yourself at least once and you will never forget it Sea cruise for me is: the opportunity to relax on a comfortable cruise ship, thanks to which you can see the world, meet new, interesting people, great mood, an ocean of impressions and emotions for a long time cruise IS a fairy TALE! — this is the lapping of waves, the dazzling sun, new cities and countries. I want to go there a Sea cruise is a truly unforgettable vacation a Cruise is a dream that must come true What is a sea cruise for me? I have long dreamed of going on a cruise. This is really my very old and cherished dream. A sea cruise for me is not only a great opportunity to see the world in one trip: to cross the seas and oceans, to visit different continents, but also an exciting adventure. When I hear the word "cruise", I can't help but imagine a snow-white majestic liner that sails through the waves. It has a lot of entertainment: artificial beaches, gyms, restaurants, concert halls, entertainment programs, casinos. A sea cruise fulfills several desires at once, it is an opportunity to visit and explore several different countries at once, it is a luxury vacation on a large ship with port calls, excursions, entertainment. This is really a great opportunity to get a lot in one trip. I believe that our dreams must come true necessarily cruise Is a "drug" ( in a good sense of the word) and having tried it at least once in your life, you will fall in love with this type of holiday, you will want more and more, and it is simply impossible to Stop a Sea cruise is an unforgettable adventure, it is a dream As Jules Verne once said the Sea is everything! His breath is pure and life-giving. In its vast desert, a person does not feel alone, because around him he feels the beat of life." How pleasant and unspeakably joyful and informative it is to discover this and feel this beating of life. Unfortunately, I have never made sea cruises, but from my most cherished dreams I thought about such a voyage, in which every new day I could learn about new colors of the sea, shades of water, discover new beautiful countries, study the mood of the sea and try to reveal its image of infinity. The sea is "eternal movement and love", and Princess Cruises makes our feelings brighter a Sea cruise is the most unforgettable and exciting adventure in life. A sense of freedom, "flight". When I open the website of any tour operator that specializes in cruises, my eyes immediately focus on the ship, and the cruise is visualized: a large white ship that goes out into the open space (sea, ocean). Fresh sea air an unforgettable feeling on the liner there is a large number of entertainment: restaurants, shops, casinos, SPA. But for me, the best thing would be to dive into a large library, and outside the window to hear the sound of the surf and the cry of gulls, and of course, the main plus on a cruise, visiting none. neither of the two countries. and at least 3-4. And you can also see the sea life (it all depends on the direction of cruisemore cruise is an exciting trip with a deep note of romatism and fullness of love, sea cruise is the perfect wedding trip with the opportunity to cover many cities and Islands